docs: add upgrade page & update getting started (#3439)
coder/coder: docs/install/upgrade.md

# Upgrade

This article walks you through how to upgrade your Coder server.

> ## Upgrading the Coder server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This heading is redundant.

To upgrade your Coder server, simply reinstall Coder using your original method

> of install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of [install](../install.md).
```

> Prior to upgrading Coder, we _highly_ recommend taking a database snapshot, as

> > Coder does not support rollbacks.

Reviewer: Use the danger blockquote here...

```
<blockquote class="danger">
  <p>
  ...
  </p>
</blockquote>
```

E.g:

<img width="990" alt="Screen Shot 2022-08-09 at 8 34 34 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7416144/183791161-3d97f457-d9c4-4ed5-9246-b5b8d84f9ae2.png">

You can see this laid out in the yarn dev workflow as well.

# Upgrade

This article walks you through how to upgrade your Coder server.

To upgrade your Coder server, simply reinstall Coder using your original method
of [install](../install.md).

<blockquote class="danger">
  <p>

>   Prior to upgrading Coder, we _highly_ recommend taking a database snapshot, as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Prior to upgrading a production Coder deployment, take a database snapshot since Coder doesn't support rollbacks.
```

Due to the severe irreversibility of database corruption, we need to take a firm stance here.

  Coder does not support rollbacks.
  </p>
</blockquote>

## Via install.sh

If you installed Coder using the `install.sh` script, simply re-run the below
command on the host:

```console
curl -L https://coder.com/install.sh | sh
```

The script will unpack the new `coder` binary version over the one currently installed.

> Once this is run, you can restart Coder with the following command (if running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you can restart Coder with the following command (if running
```

it as a system service):

```console
systemctl restart coder
```

## Via docker-compose

> If you installed using the `docker-compose`, run the below command to upgrade the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you installed using `docker-compose`, run the below command to upgrade the
```
